1. What is a View?(PL/SQL)

A view is a virtual table which consists of a subset of data contained in a table. 
Views are not virtually present, and it takes less space to store. 
View can have data of one or more tables combined, and it is depending on the relationship.

2. What is an Index?(PL/SQL)

An index is performance tuning method of allowing faster retrieval of records from the table.
An index creates an entry for each value and it will be faster to retrieve data.

3. What are all the different types of indexes?(PL/SQL)

There are three types of indexes

Unique Index.
This indexing does not allow the field to have duplicate values if the column is unique indexed. 
Unique index can be applied automatically when primary key is defined.

Clustered Index.
This type of index reorders the physical order of the table and search based on the key values.
Each table can have only one clustered index.

NonClustered Index.
NonClustered Index does not alter the physical order of the table and maintains logical order of data.
Each table can have 999 nonclustered indexes.

4. What is a Cursor?(PL/SQL)

A database Cursor is a control which enables traversal over the rows or records in the table.
This can be viewed as a pointer to one row in a set of rows. 
Cursor is very much useful for traversing such as retrieval, addition and removal of database records.

5. What is a stored procedure?(PL/SQL)

Stored Procedure is a function consists of many SQL statement to access the database system.
Several SQL statements are consolidated into a stored procedure and execute them whenever and wherever required.

6. What is a trigger?(PL/SQL)

A DB trigger is a code or programs that automatically execute with response to some event on a table or view in a database.
 Mainly, trigger helps to maintain the integrity of the database.

Example: When a new student is added to the student database,
new records should be created in the related tables like Exam, Score and Attendance tables.

7. What is the difference between Cluster and Non-Cluster Index?(PL/SQL)

Clustered index is used for easy retrieval of data from the database by altering the way that the records are stored. 
Database sorts out rows by the column which is set to be clustered index.

A nonclustered index does not alter the way it was stored but creates a complete separate object within the table.
It point back to the original table rows after searching.

8. Advantages and Disadvantages of Stored Procedure?(PL/SQL)

Stored procedure can be used as a modular programming – means create once, store and call for several times whenever required. 
This supports faster execution instead of executing multiple queries. 
This reduces network traffic and provides better security to the data.

Disadvantage is that it can be executed only in the Database and utilizes more memory in the database server.
